Changelogs for Digital Twin Manager Plugins 1.3.0 (#2680)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/change-logs/application-enablement/dtm-1020-1-19-upgraded-angular-and-web-sdk-versions.md

---
date: ""

> title: "Upgraded angular and webSDK versions"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: "Upgraded Angular and Web SDK versions"
```

product_area: "Application enablement & solutions"
change_type:
    - value: "change-QHu1GdukP"
      label: "Feature"
component:
    - value: "component-Tl88RYb4A"
      label: "Digital Twin Manager"
build_artifact:
    - value: "tc-wYIY0MBDO"
      label: "dtm"
ticket: "CTM-1646"
version: "1020.1.19"
---

> Upgraded angular version to 18.2.11 and webSDK to 1021.0.4

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Angular has been upgraded to version 18.2.11 and the Web SDK has been updated to 1021.0.4.
```
